Do you think somebody is interested in your schedules?
Go out and start doing something meaningful!
That's true, fuck it!
It's better.
We let our bags here - under Malý Kriváň. We are going on the top without them.
Top of Kriváň is near.
Last Gou's steps to the top of Kriváň. Hi!
I think we deserve a beer. Cheers!
Unfortunatelly we have no view from the top of Kriváň.
Our camp under Malý Kriváň.
Yesterday we have no views but today we see everything. Great satisfaction!
There are Roháče mountains (Western Tatras) behind me.
And there are Nízké Tatry mountains.
And there are two dicks :-) Hi!
This is a reward. We are on Malý Kriváň and there is Velký Kriváň.
What we didn't see yesterday we see now, it's great.
It looks like the clouds again. We are on the top in the right time.